annot: Cook some peeled beef brisket on a pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some peeled beef brisket (-1)
[PP, location, on] a pan (-1)
annot: Cook some chopped white onions in the same pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some chopped white onions (-1)
[PP, food, in] the same pan (0)
annot: add some minced garlic
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some minced garlic (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add the onions to the beef
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the onions (2)
[PP, food, to] the beef (0)
annot: add some tomato sauce
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some tomato sauce (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Add a spoon of beef stock, chili flakes
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a spoon of beef stock (-1), chili flakes (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: mix it up
ACTID: 6
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (5)
annot: Put the mixture in a pot
ACTID: 7
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (6)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: cook in an oven for 3 to 3.5 hours
ACTID: 8
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (7)
[PP, location, in] an oven (-1)
[PP, other, for] 3 to 3.5 hours (-1)
annot: Chop some red onions, parsley and tomatos
ACTID: 9
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some red onions (-1), parsley (-1), tomatos (-1)
annot: mix them together
ACTID: 10
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] them (9)
annot: Chop some avocado
ACTID: 11
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] some avocado (-1)
annot: pour some lemon juice on it
ACTID: 12
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some lemon juice (-1)
[PP, food, on] it (11)
annot: Tear up the beef into slices
ACTID: 13
PRED: tear
[DOBJ, food] the beef (8)
[PP, other, into] slices (-1)
annot: coat them with the sauce again
ACTID: 14
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] them (13)
[PP, food, with] the sauce again (8)
annot: Put all the ingredients in some tacos
ACTID: 15
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] pulled beef (14), avocado (12), sauce (10)
[PP, food, in] some tacos (-1)